ah now over the last two years since
we've been using computers it's just
broadened kid skills to be at a point
where they are ready for the world
because they're the kind of skills
they're going to need having access to
technology and skills of Photoshop and
image making in computer-based art has
just broaden the art students
skill-based so much more you could ask
any kid in my you ten art class right
now to design something whether it be
opposed to advertising something or
something for the school musical they
could all do it their skills are really
high as far as I'm concerned I think the
art department here at kims because of
our connection with computers is
cutting-edge we're doing the kind of
stuff that other schools envy because
kids are like I said all learning the
skills to do I'm use technology as a
really powerful tool the difference is
now the sea is the laptops you just kind
of sits so so easy to disco okay we've
done it now just get on your machines
let's do that put the data in to do a
graph of that get a mathematical
relationship it just just flows so
smoothly so we would Vista gating
acceleration with different masses and
this is one where could have sort of
came alive for me I thought I I it
suddenly hit me and we can just do this
and this so we did this experiment just
in this room
we were accelerating a slot car and
seeing how the acceleration vary
depending on work masts are we taping
extra mass in his poor little car so we
did once again physics in motion
analysis and we put into Excel did
graphs compared to the theory and they
did that over not just there is just so
flowed so even this from that to that so
natural just to go from one to the other
so yeah it was just a delight for me I
guess over the last two years some of
the greatest things I've seen is
changing the way teaching and learning
happens here at Kings in in that you
know we see everything now from students
using computers to create a movie just
to reflect on a excursion all the way to
senior mathematics students using video
analysis software to really comprehend
some really complex mathematical
concepts to geography students taking
samples and being able to digitally
analyze those samples from excursions
and things like that a school providing
every student with a laptop is not a
radical idea it's it's almost like an
essential part to learning in this day
and age it gives students access to
information access to tools help them
create collaborate and critique in ways
that they've never been able to do
before
you